Improve QA (acceptance test) readme (#29927)
camunda/camunda: qa/README.md

# Acceptance tests

> This module contains acceptance tests (AT) for the whole Camunda 8 platform, covering multiple or even all components at the same time in an integrated manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module contains acceptance tests (ATs) for the whole Camunda 8 platform, covering multiple or even all components at the same time in an integrated manner.
```

## How to write acceptance tests

> We are providing with the `@MultiDbTest` annotation a consistent and easy way to write acceptance tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `@MultiDbTest` annotation, we provide a consistent and easy way to write acceptance tests.
```

> * This reduces the barrier for engineers to write AT, which is less repetitive and has less boilerplate (especially regarding setup code).
> * Tests are executed against multiple supported environments, transparent to the Engineer.
> * Engineers can fully focus on business logic to test.
> * Tests using the `@MultiDbTest` annotation are normally faster to execute. As they start dependencies just once, and cleanly reuse them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This reduces the barrier for engineers to write ATs, which is less repetitive and has less boilerplate (especially regarding setup code).
* Tests are executed against multiple supported environments, transparent to the engineer.
* Engineers can fully focus on business logic to test.
* Tests using the `@MultiDbTest` annotation usually execute faster, as they start dependencies just once and cleanly reuse them.
```

> While we want to make it as easy as possible to write AT for the engineers, this comes with some cost and complexity in the related extension.
> Additionally, we wanted to still make the solution composable, reusable and configurable to cover several use cases or even make it possible to support advanced use cases. For example to configure secondary storage on its own (if necessary) or handle the test application lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we want to make it as easy as possible for engineers to write ATs, this comes with some cost and complexity in the related extension.
Additionally, the solution is meant to be composable, reusable, and configurable to cover several use cases or even make it possible to support advanced use cases. For example, to configure secondary storage on its own (if necessary) or handle the test application lifecycle.
```

> This means the separation of the test application and MultiDb configuration in the extension (to configure different secondary storages) is on purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means the test application and MultiDb configuration in the extension are separated on purpose (to configure different secondary storages).
```

### For advanced cases:

> * Advanced cases might apply when you want to run the complete platform or need to configure the broker test application or have to control the application lifecycle on your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Advanced cases might apply when you want to run the complete platform, need to configure the broker test application, or have to control the application lifecycle on your own.
```

**Need:**

* We need to configure the broker for specific authentication, for that we need to make use of `TestStandaloneBroker` or `TestSimpleCamundaApplication`
* We need to annotate the test applications with `MultiDbTestApplication`, to mark application managed by `CamundaMultiDbExtension`

> [!Note]
>
> The separation of test application and extension (to configure different secondary storages) is on purpose.
>
> This is for:
>  * Single responsibility
>    * the `CamundaMultiDbExtension` only focuses on configuring the database based on various factors (e.g. CI job)
>  * KISS: to keep things light
>  * Favor composability: make it reusable
>    * the extension handles configuring the DB, and can be used in different occasions together with using the standalone Camunda, standalone Broker, or something different

> >    * the test applications focus on the respective application lifecycle and flexible configuration

Author: Based on feedback by @npepinpe https://github.com/camunda/camunda/pull/28911#discussion_r1978911431

Author: I reworked this here [d00c397](https://github.com/camunda/camunda/pull/29927/commits/d00c397506397c084750979ed6156ec3723dc184)

**Need:**

> * We need to configure the broker for specific authentication, for that we need to make use of `TestStandaloneBroker` or `TestSimpleCamundaApplication`
> * We need to annotate the test applications with `MultiDbTestApplication`, to mark application managed by `CamundaMultiDbExtension`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We need to configure the broker for specific authentication. For that, we need to make use of `TestStandaloneBroker` or `TestSimpleCamundaApplication`.
* We need to annotate the test applications with `MultiDbTestApplication` to mark the application managed by `CamundaMultiDbExtension`.
```

**Optional:**

* We might not want to run the test for all secondary storage, as it is not yet supported. We can use the `@DisabledIfSystemProperty` annotation

> * We might want to disable the lifecycle management of the annotated test application, this can be done via: `@MultiDbTestApplication(managedLifecycle = false)`
>   * This is especially useful, if we want to start and stop the test application inside the test (to validate restarts, or something similar)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We might want to disable the lifecycle management of the annotated test application. This can be done via `@MultiDbTestApplication(managedLifecycle = false)`.
  * This is especially useful if we want to start and stop the test application inside the test (to validate restarts or something similar)
```

##### Authentication E2E tests

We want to highlight some special features for the authentication tests here.

> * For the authentication related tests, users (that are used in tests) can be predefined and annotated with `@UserDefinition`. This allows the extension to collect the related user definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For authentication-related tests, users (who are used in tests) can be predefined and annotated with `@UserDefinition`. This allows the extension to collect the related user definitions.
```

* Authenticated clients can be created via `@Authenticated` annotation, specifying a user to be used.

>   * When a client annotated with `Authenticated` is injected (as field or parameter), the respective/referenced user is created.

Author: Based on feedback by @remcowesterhoud https://github.com/camunda/camunda/pull/29206#issuecomment-2739463618
